Clarify ORMap docs on replacing entries (#27429)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/distributed-data.md

If an entry is concurrently updated to different values the values will be merged, hence the
requirement that the values must be `ReplicatedData` types.

> While the `ORMap` does support removing and re-adding keys any number of times, the impact that this has on the values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `ORMap` supports removing and re-adding keys any number of times, the impact that this has on the values
```

> can be non deterministic. A merge will always attempt to merge two values for the same key, regardless of whether that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be non-deterministic. A merge will always attempt to merge two values for the same key, regardless of whether that
```

key has been removed and re-added in the meantime, an attempt to replace a value with a new one may not have the

> intended effect. This means that old values can effectively be resurrected, if a node that has seen both the remove and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intended effect. This means that old values can effectively be resurrected if a node, that has seen both the remove and the add update,
```

> the add gossips with a node that has seen neither. One consequence of this is that changing the type of the CRDT in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the add gossips with a node that has seen neither. One consequence of this is that changing the value type of the CRDT in the
```

> value, for example, from a `GCounter` to a `GSet`, could result in the merge function for the CRDT always failing, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for example, from a `GCounter` to a `GSet`, could result in the merge failure for the CRDT on a node that has not yet received the removal of the key always failing.
```

> it may not recover from, hence, the types of `ORMap` values must never change for a given key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This could be an unrecoverable state for the node, hence the types of `ORMap` values must never change for a given key.
```

It is rather inconvenient to use the `ORMap` directly since it does not expose specific types

> of the values. The `ORMap` is intended as a low level tool for building more specific maps,

Reviewer 2: good that it continues here and recommends the more specific maps
